Patient Data Management System

Patient data is vulnerable to thefts, compromise, and even unethical and unauthorized selling, and there have been many cases where the insurance companies and medical institutions have unethically used this data. 

Also, there have been cases of identity thefts and using data of dead patients to impersonate someone or for illegal activities, such as loan frauds, insurance frauds, and illegal identity usage. 

What can blockchain do?

Blockchain can store the entire data in the decentralized ledger that can be accessed, monitored, and tracked by all the stakeholders. 
The patient data can be accessed and managed by data analysts, healthcare policymakers, and pharmacists without leaving any wiggle room for fraudulent activities and unauthorized access.

Transferring Digital Wills

Wills, power of attorneys, signing authorities, and other such crucial documents have massive value and can bring many businesses and families down on their knees with a breach.

While the traditional wills are vulnerable to thefts and manipulations by the managers, will participants and other people, using blockchain for transferring and managing them settles the bill effectively!

What can blockchain do?

Blockchain will have a decentralized record of will, assets, people, and all the stakeholders.
Whenever a change is done by the original owner of the assets, the same is visible to all the other parties, including the law office (lawyer, etc).
No fraud can be committed and no change can be made until the original owner agrees.
Hence, digital will creation and management is one of the bankable upcoming blockchain projects.

Tracking The Exact Location Of The Shipment And Its Route

Now you can get exact location of the shipment through the application of blockchain in Logistics.

Get Complete Details Of The Packages And Not Just Main Landmark.
Helpful In Airline Business - It Will Reduce The Chances Of Loosing Baggages
You Will Get Reliable Services


Trackback Your Food To Its Source

People are becomign fond of consuming healthy and organic food. But are you sure, the food you get is 100 percent organic and healthy? If not, blockchain will help you. The project will focus on the implementation of blockchain feaures to track the food source.

The food tracking sstem will help you reach to the actual source.
Customers will get a reliable and trustworthy system
There will be a drastic change in the retail world.

